And The Last Lecture we got our develop and workflow to work as expected.
Now it's time to add the production workflow and for that.
Also ahead of time compilation I'll start in our source app folder.
I'll add another main door for TS follow a main dot Ayo T-Dog TS file because the main dot TS file has
to look differently.
When using the production workflow or when using ahead of time compilation I should say in this case
I still want to import my POLLI Fultz at the top.
But thereafter I actually want to import platform browser and not platform browser dynamic from a singular
platform browser.
I also want to import something else and able prod mode from at a singular not animations corer not
common core excuse me.
So and finally I want to import something which we don't have yet which will be generated dynamically
whilst ahead of time computation runs deep app module energy factory which we import from Daut slash
Apter module dot and factory Dotty's which we don't need to add.
Now this file doesn't exist but Engler will generate it for us or the angler ahead of time compiler
will generate it for us whilst it's running.
So it will be there when we need it.
Now I will call enable prod mode to turn off some warning messages and so on.
And now I will use platform browser him to called Bootstrap module factory and pass my app module ngi
factory.
So does the setup we will need.
And you may ignore the error.
Your ID might give you here.
This file will be available when we need it.
Besides this I also need to set up a specialty as config file so the Teoh's conflict or 80 Daut Jason
File.
I will generally copy my iver Teal's conflict file but any year I will set a new option module to e
as 2015.
Does the required sort of be can use tree shaking.
Which means that a webpage will automatically remove all unused code module resolution is ok.
Everything else is OK.
I will also specify the out door which is just dot slash dist so that the angler ahead of time compiler
knows where to store the artifacts it creates and I will add a new node angular compiler options which
are options only used by the angle of Lang compiler.
And here a little said Skip Medhat data in mid to true with this setup.
It should work.
We'll see in a second.
Now we can add the Wepa configuration for this workflow.
So here I'll again merge it's all import to web peg merge require web Pegge merge like is and will basically
again just copy the code from my development web pag workflow including the POF year which I'll also
need here.
So if that imports that I can get again exported module export now using web page merge again using
common config and then our actual configuration object for this workflow for the production workflow.
All here changed my entry point to slash saurus main dot.
T Dot TS instead of as defined on the common file maned OT D.S. so does override the setting in this
common foul ups is from surahs source at hotmail dot dot.
Yes though all over write the output or I'll set an output to begin with and I will generally use the
same output as in the development workflow you're I'll give my chunk the hash variable name here too
though so that WePay will automatically generate a new dynamic hash which will basically ensure that
we will kill the cache of our clients accessing our apps so that if we actually updated our app they
are forced to download a new word.
And I'll do the same for our bundle here.
I'll give this a random hash to now with that I can move on to my modules and here of course it's getting
interesting.
I'm going to copy the module set up from the DAPH configuration and I want to test for type of files
but.
And now this is interesting here.
I will remove trons pile.
Only does this not needed here but on the angler router loader on the other hand I will set A.R.T. to
true because that package or that module loader needs to know that because that kind of changes the
way that behind the scenes lazy loading has to be implemented.
I'll also add a new plug in and for Dad I'll need to import the webpage itself.
So require web page at the top because the plug ins part of web page itself.
I'll add plug ins here which is an array and I'll here will use new web pack and call optimize the ugly
fly shades plug in.
And here you could also pass some additional options if you wanted.
This will magnify your code and optimize it.
Does my web pack workflow disaster or t files added.
Let's now try to add the fitting package Judd Jason script the note or the NPM script so that we can
start this build process I'll name it both Cole and Prod..
Again that name is up to you.
And here does will actually be quite a complicated or a long script.
First of all I will use D-Del. Seelye.
So does is this package to delete the disk folder whenever we start to build process so that we start
with a fresh disk folder as a next step separated with two end signs I will run deep angler off line
compiler NGC deaders decompilers Seelye when installed and I will pass dash p here.
And then also a reference to the TS conflict file I want to use TS config dot to chase.
It might look strange but we need to run this twice because it's a two step process.
In the end.
So let's simply repeat this command.
Now we should have all the artifacts we need so that webpage can take over and build everything.
So now I'm going to run web Pech and point to my conflict Follett's so to well-packed old config the
fraud dot Chasez and I will also set progress or profile and bail and this only affects how WePay will
log certain events and how it will fail on errors.
Then I want to clean up because D ahead of time compilation will create a lot of things I don't need
or I don't need there anymore so I wanted to need a couple of files and I will pass a string here with
single quotation marks.
I didn't do this for days but now here I want to do that because I will have some wildcards in the path
I want to reach out here to the source app folder.
And here I want to delete all the shallow and false because there shouldn't be any javascript fonts
in this folder.
But there will be some temporarily created by the angler off line compiler.
So that's one thing ofter does string Ultra's a new one.
And besides leaving all the javascript files in the source folder.
I also want to delete all files and that simply means in all such directories to which and with ngi
factory dot TS these are all files dynamically created by the offline compiler.
I'll add another string and there is no sign in between.
Notice this does STEPNELL all targets the source app folder.
And here I want to clean up all datcha start.
Maps lots all source maps which were generated during the process and then I'll add another string where
it will target all files ending with shim dot TS Finally there is one more fall type a want to delete.
So I'll add one other file here or when I Rip-Off data is also in use source app folder.
And here I want to delete all files ending with Engy summary.
Jason.
These are all temporary files created by the angler offline compiler and I don't need them once offline
compilation has finished so now with dead plays.
Now the interesting part comes let's ram NPM run build Persaud and let's see if that works.
Well it failed instantly.
That's nice.
The reason for this failure is that I place this angler compiler options node in the wrong place it
should not be nested inside compiler options.
It should come thereafter.
So let's give it another try with this fixed TS conflict that A.R.T. to chase and file we get another
mistake or another error.
I should say and this is actually an error I did expect to get a lot of types it doesn't find.
Let's fix this in the next lecture.